what's up everyone today's video is
going to be a little bit different than
my typical video I'm going to do a try
on haul slash review of a few different
products that I bought from Jim shark
they had their Black Friday sale this
week and I'm not a sponsored athlete by
them this is not a sponsored post and I
feel like a lot of what you see online
comes from sponsored athletes so it's
hard to get an idea of what they're
telling you if it's accurate so I
thought just being a normal consumer of
Jim shark I would do an honest review
show you what it looks like on a normal
type physique because again a lot of
their athletes I feel like are sometimes
hard to obtain type physique so
hopefully this gives you guys a good
idea of the outfits that I bought from
them and if you would want to buy them
in the future so we're gonna start in
with the first item which is the
seamless sports bra and just for a
reference on all the items I got today I
am 5 foot 2 so I'm fairly petite and you
know I want to say my my chest matches
my body it's also kind of petite but I
like to say it's proportionate to the
rest of my body so in case you are
wondering this is how a small fits a
natural little lady and so I'm doing the
little bounce around tests to kind of
show you in terms of support and I did
workout in the sports bra and I felt
like it was very supportive gotta be
honest I'm not into sports bras that
have all the weird crap on them and the
different strappy doodads I don't need
any of that I work out with a shirt on I
am NOT one of those girls on Instagram
that works out and only my sports bra so
those designs are not important to me so
I really just wanted a basic sports bra
that fits me well that doesn't pinch or
cause any like tightness and I do have
pretty wide flats for someone of my
stature so that's why I went with a
small versus an extra small and it fit
perfect and I really liked it I didn't
have any issues working out in it the
price point on this was about $27 that I
paid for it which i think is about
average for what you would pay for a
sports bra overall I was really
impressed I would definitely purchase
another one
sports bras the next piece was a gym
shark vital seamless vest which is just
a fancy way of calling it a tank top I
guess but I got this in a size small and
that cost twenty seven twenty which i
think is a really good price point for a
tank top I was really impressed with the
quality of this I love the color by the
way this lilac II kind of purple I think
is a really fun color there's a lot of
nice little detailing on the tank top as
well once you see the close-ups and I do
like that it's got some length to it
because sometimes your girl wants to
cover up or couch you know what I'm
saying like sometimes you want to yank
that tank top down you want to cover
things up if you're not feeling yourself
but it also doesn't look bad if you kind
of hike it up with like the gym shark
pants if you pair it with that and you
want to show off your booty I did
workout in this and I actually kind of
kept it more closer to my stomach my
waistline and it didn't move around it
kind of stayed there I hate it when tank
tops like creep up and then all of a
sudden like your nipples are showing
because it just keeps inching up on you
so this tank top does stay in its place
when you're working out which is really
nice and it was really comfortable
sizing was perfect for me so I was
overall really impressed with this tank
top if these are the gym shark flex
leggings and I got them in a size small
and they cost 30 dollars and 40 cents I
was unsure how I was gonna like these
leggings because a huge complaint with
Jim shark leggings is number one the
muffin top and number two the camel toe
so before I get to those I love the look
of these pants I think they're extremely
flattering your girl's got a booty on
her so it enhances that but I think
these pants probably look really nice on
someone that doesn't have much of a
booty either just the design of them
themselves I do find is very flattering
for the body comfort level super
comfortable I wore these working out for
a leg day and I really liked them and I
didn't have a muffin top in them which I
felt really good about I think the
sizing is very important on these pants
peep a little camel toe right there
though so I didn't think the camel was
like crazy in these
I kept looking for it I was waiting to
take some cameltoe selfies to send off
to my girlfriends but it wasn't too bad
obviously when we take our selfies we
stand like this but there is just a hint
of camel toe so I guess it depends on
your comfort level with your camel toe
I'm pretty confident in my camel toe I
think it looks nice so I don't mind if
it shows just a little but I do hear
some people find they see it a lot more
in these leggings so again I think it
may just depend on your body type I
myself feel like I fit into these
leggings very well and I didn't feel
uncomfortable with them or what was
showing I would definitely wear these
again and I don't mind wearing them with
a shorter shirt to show off my booty to
show off all my goods these are the fit
leggings which I got in a charcoal color
and I really like the color on these I
got to admit when I first opened them
and looked at them I wasn't quite sure
that they were gonna look good on me and
they are probably the favorite they're
probably my favourite item that I
ordered from Jim shark I was really
impressed with the overall fit of them
again Jim shark with their material I
really liked it for how much you're
paying for it to get $30 leggings and
have them feel super comfortable I think
is a huge benefit compared to some other
brands you could buy for that price
point the band was like a thicker band
that comes up a little higher waisted
which is different like when they first
came out with their leggings it wasn't
so high waisted but I like where it hits
me on my waist and it also has like this
little gummy sticky thing on the inside
of the band that I showed you guys that
I think just kind of helps hold it in
place and you'll notice I kind of did
the squat test for you guys with both
pairs of leggings which you know you
can't really see my thumb through which
is pretty cool so I know it's important
to a lot of people that you don't want
to have see-through leggings when you're
in the gym and you're squatting
I love these leggings these were by far
my favorite and these showed absolutely
no camel toe so maybe if you're like
really wanting a pair of Jim sharks but
you're not really believing me on the
camel toe I'd probably suggest you go
with the fit legging and they were a
little bit looser on me
like that fit but again depending on how
tight you like your leggings you may
want to order a size down based on how
you feel the next piece is the seamless
long sleeve top which reminds me a lot
of the look of a Lululemon talk whatever
they call theirs so I wasn't sure how
this was gonna compare to Lululemon even
though I do kind of think it's unfair to
compare to Lulu because their prices are
way they're like four times higher you
guys so it's really you're not comparing
apples to apples but I love this shirt I
was very impressed with this I was
worried the length was gonna be awkward
because I feel like I see people that
were these shirts and it comes like
right below their belly button and I'm
not into that but this length I felt
like hit me in the right spot on my
torso I got this in a size small and the
length of the arms were really good it
has the nice little thumb holes on it
which I really appreciate
the detailing on it's really cute too
it's got like all the little holes in it
that kind of keep it ventilated I guess
and I love the color of it too so
overall I was really impressed with that
and I do find it compares to those
Lululemon tops that are like a hundred
and twenty dollars or ninety bucks which
is kind of ridiculous so overall very
impressed with that and would buy again
the gym shark fit hoodie I got this in
an extra small and I am 5 foot 2 just as
a reference and I'm pretty small up top
so I wanted to get this in an extra
small this cost 3360 just for a price
point reference and overall I really
like the way this fit me I'm glad I went
with an extra small it didn't feel too
tight felt very comfortable it is very
light so if you were thinking of like a
thick heavy hoodie this wouldn't be the
hoodie for you it's more of like a I
want to say like a t-shirt material to
be honest so it's not something that's
gonna keep you super warm so I'm glad
that I got this on sale because I
probably would have been upset had I
have paid more than what I paid for that
item I like the way it looked so this
will be an item that I'll probably wear
just like when I go to the gym to
warm up I do like to start a zip up
before I like break into just a tank top
so I think this will come in handy but
if you are looking for like a thicker
more durable hoody to really stay warm
in this wouldn't be the piece for you I
want to mention too that I ordered my
items on a Tuesday the day the Black
Friday sale started with Jim shark now I
live in New York so I can't speak for
other areas but I had my items by Friday
so I was super impressed with their
ability to ship me those items and
quickly and very spoiled from Amazon so
a company with good service to me is
able to ship their items and get them to
their customer as soon as possible so it
was very happy with that and overall I
was very surprised I have to admit with
my entire haul I was kind of expecting
to be disappointed and expecting to
return items and not have them fit me
right but I actually loved every single
item I bought they fit me good they feel
good and it definitely makes me want to
purchase more from Jim shark again this
is just my experience and everyone's
body is different and is gonna feel and
fit a little bit different in these
items remember just because you buy from
Jim shark doesn't mean you're gonna look
like Nicky black hat or you guys it
doesn't work like that so just be aware
when ordering this stuff try to order
size that works for you and hopefully
this video gave you guys a better
perspective of what Jim sharks clothing
looks like on a normal sized body and I
hope it gave you guys some insight and
if you'd like this try on haul please
give it a like if you want to see more
videos like this please comment below
and I'll see you in the next one
you